# multinomial-logistic-regression-in-R
Sentimental Analysis on our dataset is implemented both in R programming  and SAS Enterprise Miner. Sentimental analysis is nothing but text mining with  emotional rating given to the given input data. This is a special type of text mining in  which we will extract the subjective information from our data input text, and we will  gain knowledge about the emotions, opinions, moods. In other words, the overall  sentiments that exist input text.  Our goal of implementing sentiment analysis is to analyse the qualitative info of input text data. There are too many tasks sentiment analysis, so we decided on checks of the polarity of the text which could be positive, negative or neutral. We will also mine  emotions in our input text like happy, sad, angry and more. In R programming, we have packages that help us implement sentimental  analysis, syuzhet_vector, bing_vector and afinn_vector which will help us obtain the  sentimental qualitative information and its frequency count i.e. number of times those  qualitative terms occurred in our input text data. And in SAS EM, we will use text rule builder node to build a model that classifies  reviews into positive, negative and neutral quantitative terms. Text Rule builder node  is a boolean rule-based categorizer that automatically generates an ordered set of  rules for describing and predicting our target variable. Finally, we take sentimental analysis results from both R and SAS  implementations and try to compile the comparison reports generated individually
